poc orch docs, key-concepts- introduction, and dapp pages (#1132)
Agoric/documentation: main/guides/zoe/contract-upgrade.md

- For more on crank constraints, see [Virtual and Durable Objects](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/master/packages/SwingSet/docs/virtual-objects.md#virtual-and-durable-objects) in [SwingSet docs](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/tree/master/packages/SwingSet/docs)

:::

### Baggage

> baggage is a MapStore that provides a way to preserve the state and behavior of objects between [smart contract upgrades](https://docs.agoric.com/guides/zoe/contract-upgrade) in a way that preserves the identity of objects as seen from other [vats](#vat). In the provided contract, baggage is used to ensure that the state of various components is maintained even after the contract is upgraded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
baggage is a MapStore that provides a way to preserve the state and behavior of objects between [smart contract upgrades](https://docs.agoric.com/guides/zoe/contract-upgrade) in a way that preserves the identity of objects as seen from other [vats](#vat). In the provided contract, baggage ensures that the state of various components is maintained even after the contract is upgraded.
```
